I was listening to Eric Weinstein and it sounded like he said,
they're not going to let us do a above ground nuclear test
because they're not really to control through fear.
It made me think about how civilization has a whole bunch of agreed upon constraints on what not to do.
And so I can think of thousands of ways to take over the world
that would be negative and thousands that would be positive
and all of which would be super easy.
I had to believe six-year-olds aren't taking over the world all the time
and some of them are so simple that anyone could discover them almost by accident.
This is because entropy provides a larger attack surface.
Big entropy is difficult to maintain.
There are always many more ways for a system to come apart
and for it to get together.
There's all kinds of ways to scramble an egg.
And then we'll always turn it to a gas.
But alas, Brigid Jean claimed that living complex systems like collectively auto-catalytic sets
can create order locally by exporting the entropy to the environment.
So if there were a mathematical rule or average that one could use
like a mathematical proof that someone has superior control of their galaxy
by blanking the stars to mimic the ring structure
and arm structure of their neighbor, what I call a galaxy mimetics.
This is bigger than a Dyson sphere who has galactic control of their galaxies.
I say we reconfigure the Milky Way, turn off all stars and blink them
so it looks more like Andromeda.
Anyways, looks like I got distracted.
Let's try not to weaponize men and tractors.
Seems like almost everything on this planet has already been weaponized
so we shouldn't be so concerned about accidentally weaponizing things.
But nudity has been weaponized.
Age has been weaponized. Gender, politics, means, philosophy, psychology
and pseudoscience are all easy to weaponize.
So I'm kind of pissed off at Eric Weinstein.
I want to get a hold of the time to stop exposing the planet
because I'm trying to fake a UFO invasion.
It's the only way to communicate with human beings and with animals
and plants at the same time as an alien is based on a virus and a mushroom and a tree.
So I guess the other thing I should say before I go is turn out the lights.
Stop hunting, stop fishing, stop outboard motoring and siren.
Until the time peel up every road and maybe the nearby intelligent aliens
will decide it's time to intervene.